// Fake News


On Friday, it was revealed that former Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke, who was being considered for Homeland Security Secretary in Donald Trump s administration, has an email scandal of his own.In January, there was a brief run-in on a plane between Clarke and fellow passenger Dan Black, who he later had detained by the police for no reason whatsoever, except that maybe his feelings were hurt. Clarke messaged the police to stop Black after he deplaned, and now, a search warrant has been executed by the FBI to see the exchanges.Clarke is calling it fake news even though copies of the search warrant are on the Internet. I am UNINTIMIDATED by lib media attempts to smear and discredit me with their FAKE NEWS reports designed to silence me,  the former sheriff tweeted.  I will continue to poke them in the eye with a sharp stick and bitch slap these scum bags til they get it. I have been attacked by better people than them #MAGA I am UNINTIMIDATED by lib media attempts to smear and discredit me with their FAKE NEWS reports designed to silence me. I will continue to poke them in the eye with a sharp stick and bitch slap these scum bags til they get it. I have been attacked by better people than them #MAGA pic.twitter.com/XtZW5PdU2b  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) December 30, 2017He didn t stop there.BREAKING NEWS! When LYING LIB MEDIA makes up FAKE NEWS to smear me, the ANTIDOTE is go right at them. Punch them in the nose & MAKE THEM TASTE THEIR OWN BLOOD. Nothing gets a bully like LYING LIB MEDIA S attention better than to give them a taste of their own blood #neverbackdown pic.twitter.com/T2NY2psHCR  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) December 30, 2017The internet called him out.This is your local newspaper and that search warrant isn t fake, and just because the chose not to file charges at the time doesn t mean they won t! Especially if you continue to lie. Months after decision not to charge Clarke, email search warrant filed https://t.co/zcbyc4Wp5b  KeithLeBlanc (@KeithLeBlanc63) December 30, 2017I just hope the rest of the Village People aren t implicated.  Kirk Ketchum (@kirkketchum) December 30, 2017Slaw, baked potatoes, or French fries? pic.twitter.com/fWfXsZupxy  ALT- Immigration   (@ALT_uscis) December 30, 2017pic.twitter.com/ymsOBLjfxU  Pendulum Swinger (@PendulumSwngr) December 30, 2017you called your police friends to stand up for you when someone made fun of your hat  Chris Jackson (@ChrisCJackson) December 30, 2017Is it me, with this masterful pshop of your hat, which I seem to never tire of. I think it s the steely resolve in your one visible eye pic.twitter.com/dWr5k8ZEZV  Chris Mohney (@chrismohney) December 30, 2017Are you indicating with your fingers how many people died in your jail? I think you re a few fingers short, dipshit  Ike Barinholtz (@ikebarinholtz) December 30, 2017ROFL. Internet tough guy with fake flair. pic.twitter.com/ulCFddhkdy  KellMeCrazy (@Kel_MoonFace) December 30, 2017You re so edgy, buddy.  Mrs. SMH (@MRSSMH2) December 30, 2017Is his break over at Applebees?  Aaron (@feltrrr2) December 30, 2017Are you trying to earn your  still relevant  badge?  CircusRebel (@CircusDrew) December 30, 2017make sure to hydrate, drink lots of water. It s rumored that prisoners can be denied water by prison officials.  Robert Klinc (@RobertKlinc1) December 30, 2017Terrill Thomas, the 38-year-old black man who died of thirst in Clarke s Milwaukee County Jail cell this April, was a victim of homicide. We just thought we should point that out. It can t be repeated enough.Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images.



Republicans have had seven years to come up with a viable replacement for Obamacare but they failed miserably. After taking a victory lap for gifting the wealthy with a tax break on Wednesday, Donald Trump looked at the cameras and said,  We have essentially repealed Obamacare and we will come up with something that will be much better. Obamacare has been repealed in this bill,  he added. Well, like most things Trump says, that s just not true. But, if the former reality show star could have done that in order to eradicate former President Obama s signature legislation, he would have and without offering an alternative.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told NPR that  This has not been a very bipartisan year. I hope in the new year, we re going to pivot here and become more cooperative. An Obamacare repeal in 2018 is DOA. Well, we obviously were unable to completely repeal and replace with a 52-48 Senate,  the Kentucky Republican said.  We ll have to take a look at what that looks like with a 51-49 Senate. But I think we ll probably move on to other issues. NPR reports:McConnell hopes to focus instead on stabilizing the insurance marketplaces to keep premiums from skyrocketing in the early months of 2018, a promise he made to moderate Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine to get her support for the tax bill.On top of that McConnell broke with House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., on the approach to paring back spending on programs like Medicaid and food stamps. McConnell told NPR he is  not interested  in using Senate budget rules to allow Republicans to cut entitlements without consultation with Democrats. I think entitlement changes, to be sustained, almost always have to be bipartisan,  McConnell said.  The House may have a different agenda. If our Democratic friends in the Senate want to join us to tackle any kind of entitlement reform. I d be happy to take a look at it. This is coming from Mitch McConnell. He knows Donald Trump is destroying the GOP. It doesn t matter, Sen. McConnell. We still recall him saying that his  number one priority is making sure president Obama s a one-term president. Well, we re hoping that Trump doesn t last a full term. Funny how that works.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images




Alabama is a notoriously deep red state. It s a place where Democrats always think that we have zero chances of winning   especially in statewide federal elections. However, that is just what happened on Tuesday night in the Special Election to replace Senator Jeff Sessions. Doug Jones, the Democratic Senate candidate who is known in the state for prosecuting the Ku Klux Klan members who bombed a church during the Civil Rights Movement and killed four little African American girls, will be the next Senator from Alabama. CNN has just called the race, as there seems no more GOP-leaning counties out there.To contrast, Roy Moore had been twice removed from the Alabama Supreme Court as Chief Justice for violating the law, and was also credibly accused of being a sexual predator toward teen girls. Despite all of that, though, the race was a nail biter, because Moore has a long history and a deep base in Alabama. Of course, decent people   including Republicans   were horrified at the idea of a man like Roy Moore going to the Senate. Despite the allegations of sexual predation, Moore also had said many incendiary things, such as putting forth the idea that Muslims shouldn t be allowed in Congress, that homosexuality should be illegal, and that America was great when slavery was legal. And that s just for starters, too.Thank you Alabama, for letting sanity prevail in this race. Oh, and a message to Democrats   this is proof we can compete everywhere. Get a fifty state strategy going so we can blow the GOP outta the water in 2018.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images



House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes is going to have a bad day. He s been under the assumption, like many of us, that the Christopher Steele-dossier was what prompted the Russia investigation so he s been lashing out at the Department of Justice and the FBI in order to protect Trump. As it happens, the dossier is not what started the investigation, according to documents obtained by the New York Times.Former Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos was drunk in a wine bar when he revealed knowledge of Russian opposition research on Hillary Clinton.On top of that, Papadopoulos wasn t just a covfefe boy for Trump, as his administration has alleged. He had a much larger role, but none so damning as being a drunken fool in a wine bar. Coffee boys  don t help to arrange a New York meeting between Trump and President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt two months before the election. It was known before that the former aide set up meetings with world leaders for Trump, but team Trump ran with him being merely a coffee boy.In May 2016, Papadopoulos revealed to Australian diplomat Alexander Downer that Russian officials were shopping around possible dirt on then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Exactly how much Mr. Papadopoulos said that night at the Kensington Wine Rooms with the Australian, Alexander Downer, is unclear,  the report states.  But two months later, when leaked Democratic emails began appearing online, Australian officials passed the information about Mr. Papadopoulos to their American counterparts, according to four current and former American and foreign officials with direct knowledge of the Australians  role. Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the F.B.I. and is now a cooperating witness with Special Counsel Robert Mueller s team.This isn t a presidency. It s a badly scripted reality TV show.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.


A new animatronic figure in the Hall of Presidents at Walt Disney World was added, where every former leader of the republic is depicted in an  audio-animatronics show.  The figure which supposedly resembles Jon Voight Donald Trump was added to the collection and it s absolutely horrifying. The internet noticed that, too.Here s a few more pictures of the Donald Trump animatronic. #HallOfPresidents pic.twitter.com/a45En9Jwys  WDW News Today (@WDWNT) December 19, 2017Trump robot in the Hall of Presidents looks like a 71-year-old Chucky doll. pic.twitter.com/yLCBmhpNvG  John Cohen (@JohnCohen1) December 19, 2017Breaking: 7 Disney Princesses and a Storm Trooper have come forward alleging Hall of Presidents Trump made lewd comments to them  Brohibition Now (@OhNoSheTwitnt) December 19, 2017Trump s animatronic figure for the Disney Hall of Presidents looks like it was carved out of Play-Doh and left out in the Florida heat, where it was discovered by a dying albino squirrel who settled atop its head and has been left there to decompose. pic.twitter.com/3vMZUTEylx  Elizabeth M. (@_ElizabethMay) December 19, 2017In a time w/ so many heavy items, thank you to Disney for the laugh. They did so much so well in the @realDonaldTrump animatronic.  Little hands, check   Absurdly long tie, check   Horrifying face, checkmateWhen Trump is impeached, can they move this to the Haunted Mansion? https://t.co/XrOvu32EV8  State of Resistance (@AltStateDpt) December 19, 2017all the other presidents in Disney s new Hall of Presidents look like they can t believe Donald Trump is president either pic.twitter.com/eMP9UX1bM8  Matt Binder (@MattBinder) December 18, 2017Disney unveiled Trump figure at the Hall of Presidents. To save production costs, they pulled the animated hands off of a retired figurine from the Its a Small World ride.  Tim Hanlon (@TimfromDa70s) December 19, 2017The best part of Donald Trump being in Disney s Hall of Presidents will be when they remove him from the Hall of Presidents and put him in the Pirates of the Caribbean ride s jail. pic.twitter.com/XViyKFQCET  Rex Huppke (@RexHuppke) December 19, 2017Comment today by local news channel anchor in Orlando:  Donald Trump robot just added to Disney s Hall of Presidents. I hope they programmed all the former presidents to not roll their eyes and shake their heads while he s talking.  Mark Hertling (@MarkHertling) December 19, 2017NPR: Disney World Adds Trump Animatronic Figure, But Likeness Is Lacking. But who REALLY wants to look at an accurate Donald? The man is about as presidential looking as a fucking Pokemon. https://t.co/HFYJRkefJ1  Stephen (@Harvest_This) December 19, 2017Could we put the animatronic version in the White House and the  real  one in Disney World? Asking for 7.6 billion people and the future of the planet. https://t.co/65FhbQHuV4 #Disney #Trump #JonVoight  David Schmid (@DavidSchmid1) December 19, 2017We re pretty sure Disney is trolling Trump.Image via Twitter.




// True News

(Reuters) - Alabama officials on Thursday certified Democrat Doug Jones the winner of the state’s U.S. Senate race, after a state judge denied a challenge by Republican Roy Moore, whose campaign was derailed by accusations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls. Jones won the vacant seat by about 22,000 votes, or 1.6 percentage points, election officials said. That made him the first Democrat in a quarter of a century to win a Senate seat in Alabama.  The seat was previously held by Republican Jeff Sessions, who was tapped by U.S. President Donald Trump as attorney general. A state canvassing board composed of Alabama Secretary of State John Merrill, Governor Kay Ivey and Attorney General Steve Marshall certified the election results. Seating Jones will narrow the Republican majority in the Senate to 51 of 100 seats. In a statement, Jones called his victory “a new chapter” and pledged to work with both parties. Moore declined to concede defeat even after Trump urged him to do so. He stood by claims of a fraudulent election in a statement released after the certification and said he had no regrets, media outlets reported. An Alabama judge denied Moore’s request to block certification of the results of the Dec. 12 election in a decision shortly before the canvassing board met. Moore’s challenge alleged there had been potential voter fraud that denied him a chance of victory. His filing on Wednesday in the Montgomery Circuit Court sought to halt the meeting scheduled to ratify Jones’ win on Thursday. Moore could ask for a recount, in addition to possible other court challenges, Merrill said in an interview with Fox News Channel. He would have to complete paperwork “within a timed period” and show he has the money for a challenge, Merrill said. “We’ve not been notified yet of their intention to do that,” Merrill said. Regarding the claim of voter fraud, Merrill told CNN that more than 100 cases had been reported. “We’ve adjudicated more than 60 of those. We will continue to do that,” he said.  Republican lawmakers in Washington had distanced themselves from Moore and called for him to drop out of the race after several women accused him of sexual assault or misconduct dating back to when they were teenagers and he was in his early 30s.  Moore has denied wrongdoing and Reuters has not been able to independently verify the allegations.



The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James’s & a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief & begging for forgiveness! [1024 EST] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR)



WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A federal judge in Seattle partially blocked U.S. President Donald Trump’s newest restrictions on refugee admissions on Saturday, the latest legal defeat for his efforts to curtail immigration and travel to the United States. The decision by U.S. District Judge James Robart is the first judicial curb on rules the Trump administration put into place in late October that have contributed significantly to a precipitous drop in the number of refugees being admitted into the country. Refugees and groups that assist them argued in court that the administration’s policies violated the Constitution and federal rulemaking procedures, among other claims. Department of Justice attorneys argued in part that U.S. law grants the executive branch the authority to limit refugee admissions in the way that it had done so. On Oct. 24, the Trump administration effectively paused refugee admissions from 11 countries mostly in the Middle East and Africa, pending a 90-day security review, which was set to expire in late January. The countries subject to the review are Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Mali, North Korea, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. For each of the last three years, refugees from the 11 countries made up more than 40 percent of U.S. admissions. A Reuters review of State Department data showed that as the review went into effect, refugee admissions from the 11 countries plummeted. Robart ruled that the administration could carry out the security review, but that it could not stop processing or admitting refugees from the 11 countries in the meantime, as long as those refugees have a “bona fide” connection to the United States. As part of its new restrictions, the Trump administration had also paused a program that allowed for family reunification for refugees, pending further security screening procedures being put into place. Robart ordered the government to re-start the program, known as “follow-to-join”. Approximately 2,000 refugees were admitted into the United States in fiscal year 2015 under the program, according to Department of Homeland Security data. Refugee advocacy groups praised Robart’s decision.  “This ruling brings relief to thousands of refugees in precarious situations in the Middle East and East Africa, as well as to refugees already in the U.S. who are trying to reunite with their spouses and children,” said Mariko Hirose, litigation director for the International Refugee Assistance Project, one of the plaintiffs in the case. A Justice Department spokeswoman, Lauren Ehrsam, said the department disagrees with Robart’s ruling and is “currently evaluating the next steps”. Robart, who was appointed to the bench by Republican former President George W. Bush, emerged from relative obscurity in February, when he issued a temporary order to lift the first version of Trump’s travel ban. On Twitter, Trump called him a “so-called judge” whose “ridiculous” opinion “essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country”. Robart’s ruling represented the second legal defeat in two days for the Trump administration. On Friday, a U.S. appeals court said Trump’s travel ban targeting six Muslim-majority countries should not be applied to people with strong U.S. ties, but said its ruling would be put on hold pending a decision by the U.S. Supreme Court.



NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal appeals court in Virginia on Thursday rejected a bid by President Donald Trump’s administration to prevent the U.S. military from accepting transgender recruits starting Jan. 1. The administration had urged the appeals court to suspend an order by a federal judge in Baltimore for the armed forces to begin accepting transgender recruits on that date. The administration has said the Jan. 1 start date was causing the armed forces to scramble to revise their policies at the risk of harming military readiness.  In a brief two-paragraph order, the three-judge panel of the Richmond-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said it was denying the administration’s request while the appeal proceeds. All three judges are Democratic appointees.  The court’s action could prompt the administration to ask the conservative-majority U.S. Supreme Court to intervene. “We disagree with the court’s ruling and are currently evaluating the next steps,” U.S. Justice Department spokeswoman Lauren Ehrsam said in a statement. Several transgender service members, backed by the American Civil Liberties Union, filed suit in Maryland after Trump said in July he would ban transgender people from the military, a move that would reverse a policy of the Republican president’s Democratic predecessor Barack Obama to accept them. Trump cited concern over military focus and medical costs. So far, three federal judges around the country have issued injunctions blocking Trump’s ban. His administration has appealed all three rulings.  Joshua Block, an ACLU attorney who represents the plaintiffs in the Maryland case, said he was happy the appeals court saw through the government’s “smokescreen” to further delay enlistment.  Thursday’s action was in response to the administration’s appeal of a Nov. 21 ruling by U.S. District Judge Marvin Garbis, who said that the transgender prohibition likely violates the plaintiffs’ constitutional right to equal protection under the law. The Garbis ruling followed a similar one on Oct. 30 by another federal judge in Washington, D.C. A third judge in Seattle also ruled against the administration on Dec. 11. In an August memorandum, Trump gave the military until March 2018 to revert to a policy prohibiting openly transgender people from joining the military and authorizing their discharge. The memo also halted the use of government funds for sex-reassignment surgery for active-duty military personnel. The Obama administration had set a deadline of July 1 of this year to begin accepting transgender recruits. But Trump’s defense secretary, James Mattis, postponed that date to Jan. 1, which the president’s ban then put off indefinitely. The Trump administration said in legal papers that the armed forces are not prepared to train thousands of personnel on the medical standards needed to process transgender applicants and might have to accept “some individuals who are not medically fit for service.” The Pentagon on Dec. 8 issued guidelines to recruitment personnel in order to enlist transgender applicants by Jan. 1. The memo outlined medical requirements and specified how the applicants’ sex would be identified and even which undergarments they would wear. The ban’s challengers said the memo contradicted the claim that the military was not ready.  The Justice Department disagreed, telling the court on Wednesday that “all this memorandum shows is that the military is scrambling to comply with the injunction.” The lawsuit’s lead plaintiff Brock Stone, 34, has served in the U.S. Navy for 11 years, including a nine-month deployment to Afghanistan, and wants to remain for at least 20 years, according to court papers.



WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator John McCain is expected to miss an upcoming vote on a tax code overhaul, after his office said he had returned to his home in Arizona following medical treatment. The Senate is expected to vote as early as Tuesday on tax legislation. But McCain, undergoing treatment for brain cancer, will be out of Washington until January, his office said on Sunday. Top U.S. Republicans said on Sunday they expected Congress to pass the tax bill.
